Adding sign-up flow diagram to docs (#412)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/users/index.mdx

1. **Confirms their phone number**, after which they continue the sign-up process on their mobile device. How they confirm this step depends on whether they opened the sign-up link from a computer or their mobile device:
    1. **Computer**: Swan sends your user a text message with a link to open on their mobile device.
    1. **Mobile device**: Swan sends your user a text message with a verification code. 

> 1. (If needed) **Enters their personal information**: first name, last name, and birthdate. This information must match the information that appears on their identity documents.

Author: Almost there. We're talking about the user's experience here, so I specified that the user skips this step (if the **partner** included it). Thanks for the suggestion.

    - If you include this information when [creating their sign-up link](../../developers/using-api/authentication/guide-get-token-user.mdx#url-parameters-optional), they won't need to enter it again.
1. **Sets a 6-digit passcode**. Users must remember their passcode. Swan can request it anytime the user needs to consent to a sensitive operation.

> 1. (If needed) Completes **email verification**, if this was included in the OAuth URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Completes email verification** if included in the OAuth URL.
    - This step only appears if email verification was configured in the sign-up link.
```
